Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Ladies
and gentlemen. passengers.
welcome to
Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport.
We wish you a pleasant stay in Paris
or a smooth continuation of your journey.
Please follow the signs for baggage
claim and immigration procedures.
Thanks for your attention.
I came as fast as I could.
I couldn't get here any sooner.
I saw that you made more changes.
Yeah... Sorry.
Hold on.
- Hey. honey!
- Hi. Mom.
I'm on a call. can I call you back?
I wanted to ask something. but it's okay.
Okay. baby. all right.
Hey. yeah. I did.
I think it's heading
in the right direction.
It's a little darker.
but it's good. it's good.
Also. uh... the vampire teeth.
Really important.
Important for the last shot. All right?
How was your flight?
Fine. thanks.
- Do you know the House?
- No. it's my first time.
Just follow me.
It's easy for newcomers to get lost.
These are the salons.
where we greet clients and do fittings.
The workshops are upstairs.
- This is Tim.
- Hello.
Maxine Walker.
He'll interview you for our social media.
You're wearing that?
Don't worry. go in tight.
- All right. Tim?
- Perfect.
- Follow me.
- Okay.
Have a seat.
I like the gloves.
- Super nice.
- Thank you.
Can you introduce
yourself? For a sound check.
My name is Maxine Walker.
Very good.
Glad to be in Paris for Fashion Week?
Yes. very happy.
You speak good French.
A little. my mother was French.
That explains it. Let's begin.
Hello. Maxine.
You're directing the film
that opens our show.
How did you end up becoming
this show's guest artist?
I did a vampire film that
the artistic director liked.
She contacted me.
A vampire film.
With a female vampire... why?
Why not?
A female vampire avenges the violence
against women in horror movies.
Mm. Does fashion inspire you?
I was asked to participate.
and I was surprised.
Why surprised?
My background is in...
Horror films.
Independent. Low budget.
I've never worked
in these conditions.
I feel very lucky.
What does fashion mean to you
in two words?
Two words?
Useless and necessary.
Useless and necessary. Okay.
Oh.
I think it's my daughter.
Take it. we got what we need.
It's a short format. It was great. thanks.
Hello?
Dr. Kasinski here.
Oh. hello. hi.
I've received your biopsy results.
Okay.
I need to see you again.
Really? Why?
Can you come by today at 6?
6:30 if you can?
No. I'm in Paris.
I told you.
Ah. yes... Um...
How long are you there for?
Are you sure
you can't come back earlier?
No. I'm...
I was already late
with all the tests. So...
Why? Is... I mean. is it serious?
There are... atypia.
Atypia?
Yes.
But let's not go over this on the phone.
You'll have to see someone
as soon as possible.
I'll find someone for you in Paris.
But it's not serious. right?
I mean. it's not a thing. it's not...
I'm thinking of a colleague
there. his name is Hansen.
I'll contact him and see
if he can fit you in.
Okay. all right. Thank you.
He's the best. trust me.
COUTURE
-  Excuse me.
- Excuse me.
Excuse me.
That's beautiful.
What are you doing?
This dress opens the show.
I'm so behind. I have tons to do.
The sleeves. the back...
It's my first dress on my own.
It has my name. "Christine".
Christine? Maxine.
Ouch!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
This finger means "change".
It's a good omen.
Maxine. here you are.
We were looking all over.
Come and join the crew.
Bye.
Can we talk about
the changes to the mood board?
There are hardly changes.
They aren't really big fans
of the last-minute changes.
You told me.
And the fact that you came late
doesn't help.
I did come as fast as I could.
He said a fashion show
is like a war machine.
You can't change everything
every 5 minutes.
-  Welcome. how are you?
- Hello.
- Had a safe trip?
- Yes. thanks.
We're so glad to have you!
You know Anton?
You've already worked together?
Yes.
we've been on this for weeks.
And he's shooting my next film.
Excellent.
We were looking at your
latest changes. They're great.
You know. it's house policy
to respect the artists' work.
To give you utmost freedom.
But we're just wondering...
This scream at the end.
We're not sure of it.
It's a shout of rage. of liberation.
It's a gothic film.
Yes. yes.
Well. we adore gothic.
But there's a lot of blood. right?
She can scream but not bite anyone.
Maybe.
And aren't the pointy teeth a bit
a bit over the top?
We can reduce the size
of the teeth in VFX.
- I mean. it's not a little...
- No.
I'll stop bothering you. I'll go now.
Thanks. Christophe.
So you don't like
the vampire teeth?
No. it's not that I like them.
I'm crazy about them!
Also I have the lenses that
you wanted. The Russian ones.
Oh. great.
The shadow comes like this.
Yeah.
More beautiful. less frightening?
Less threatening.
I think from under.
Okay.
I know you're mad.
It's more that my option is
better. but I'm okay to do yours.
You know what? I just want. like...
I want
I got a call from Dr. Kasinski today.
Eden. come eat your breakfast.
The bus is in 9 minutes.
- What call did you get?
- Nothing.
- Forget it.
- The timing is just...
You're doing this fashion thing.
Why did you take this job?
I took a job to pay bills. You know that.
Yes. because... Oh shit.
It's stupid. with your other
film starting next month.
I need to get organized.
You are not the center of the world.
I have to work.
Put Eden on.
You forgot to call back for
her homework. Now it's too late.
- she can't speak.
- Shit.
Hey... Tell her that. uh...
They've got the little shampoo
bottles. the little ones that she likes.
It's not little bottles
of shampoo that she needs.
She's having a hard time
with our divorce.
- It's hard for her.
- I know.
You didn't call back.
she doesn't want to talk.
All right. fine.
And. um...
Can you ask your lawyer to
get back to my lawyer. please?
It's been two weeks.
She will.
- Are we done?
- Sure.
Jesus.
-  Where are you?
- Nairobi.
You're not South Sudanese?
I was born in Juba.
but we moved to Kenya
because of the war.
Has modeling always been your dream?
- You're hesitating.
- No.
How were you discovered?
I was scouted
several times on the streets
in Nairobi.
when I was in pharmacy school.
But I never got into it because
my dad would not let me do it.
In the end. I figured: Why not?
I'm a risk taker.
And... voilà.
Do you want a coffee or a tea?
- No.
- Nothing?
No. I'm good.
Can I have your passport?
Yes.
- Here.
- Thanks.
I scheduled you a photo shoot
with an Italian photographer tomorrow.
Okay.
A little test so you can practice.
We want you fresh for the show.
You're a new face.
We're investing in you. betting on you.
- Betting on me?
- That's right.
You have something people want.
Let me explain. You have two gigs.
You'll act in the pre-show film.
with that director...
What's her name?
Anyway. I forgot it.
Then the show.
Okay.
177 and a half.
75 for the bust.
We're at 85 with the jeans. so say 84.
84.
We're at 30.
The wrists... 15 for the right.
Perfect... 15 too.
15 left... 15. 15.
- You got it all?
- Yep.
Does your phone work here?
No. I can't get reception.
Well. we must be able to reach you.
Check it often. and also before bed.
There can be last-minute changes.
- Okay.
- Can you walk?
The shoulders don't move.
They don't move. You simply
turn around and look forward.
Look straight ahead. always. Okay.
- Can you try again?
- Mm-hmm.
Go on.
Look ahead. not at your feet.
Walk in a straight line.
Follow my hand. don't look at me.
Not at me. at my hand.
I won't be there for the show.
Okay!
We'll try once more.
Keys to the apartment.
And keep the shoes to practice.
You'll be okay?
Yes.
Hello?
Is anyone here?
Hi.
- I'm Ada.
- Hi.
I was told there's an extra room
here. Do you know where it is?
I'm not sure.
but I'm pretty sure we're full.
What's happening?
She says she's supposed to stay here.
Nobody tells me anything.
so it's not like I know.
Are you sure?
She might be wrong.
What's your address?
This is your address.
Julia came this afternoon
and took the last room.
Check with your agent.
The person you are trying
to reach is not available.
I can't reach him.
Okay.
We have to figure this out.
I have nowhere else to go.
No. no. we can. Don't worry.
Why are you guys being so
fucking noisy? I'm trying to sleep.
Girl. there's a problem with the rooms.
and you might have stolen her room.
I didn't steal anyone's room.
No need to get aggressive.
we're finding a solution.
I'm not aggressive. There is
no more room. got it. bitch?
What the fuck?
Shut up!
Girl. what's your problem?
Leave her alone.
What's her problem?
I have an extra mattress in my room.
- So you're Ada. right?
- Mm-hmm.
Have you done the Italian Vogue cover?
Vogue cover? No. you must be mistaken.
Okay. but I saw you somewhere.
No. she's the new face
in Devon's agency.
You're going to be in the movie?
Yeah.
Were you surprised to be chosen?
I mean. a little scared.
Wait. scared. why?
I don't know if this is
really what I want to do.
- And what do you want to do?
- Pharmacy.
You studied pharmacy?
During my anatomy class.
we worked with cadavers.
I actually kind of liked it.
- For real?
- Yeah!
- How was it?
- Um...
It was my first time around bodies...
I hope!
No. but in our industry.
we're shooting for hours.
So we look literally
like cadavers. Like this.
I have to show you something.
I don't think that pharmacy
is giving this amount of money.
Thank you. Milan Fashion Week!
- So you made all this in Milan?
- Yeah.
- Are you okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm all right.
Can I use the bathroom?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
How are you?
Good.
Why are you whispering. Mom?
Your father's nearby.
Wait. I'll leave the room.
Are you in your apartment?
Yes. I am.
Have you made new friends there?
I have a Chinese friend.
It's great.
You already made a Chinese friend.
You're very lucky.
You've always been lucky.
You travel to Paris.
you have a Chinese friend.
and I'm sure you'll meet lots of people.
Thanks.
Mom. I think this fashion thing
is too hard for me.
What's the problem?
These people.
it's like they find me ugly...
That's not true.
That's not true. child.
No one can say you're not beautiful.
You are tall.
And you are kind to people.
But you can't come back.
You must stay there.
Your little brother is here.
He wants to talk to you.
What's up. Ada?
Do you miss me already?
Whatever! When are you coming home?
Depends on how things go here.
You should never have left.
Ah... Come on. you're talking nonsense.
You annoy me.
Bye.
This morning was tough.
I heard explosions.
but I think they were far away.
Don't worry. I'm fine.
My love. I know you won't listen to me.
but please
stay behind closed doors.
please keep safe.
I love you.
Hi. brother...
Even if you don't deserve it.
here's where I am.
Paris. bro!
Beautiful... Oh. yes.
Ok. come on. Ada.
Change the model. Okay?
Come. Ada.
Now look at me.
Seduce the camera.
Seduce the camera!
Why so uptight?
She's opening the show?
Maybe put on some music
so she can relax.
Let's do that.
A little more this way.
Relax. life is beautiful!
Relax.
Look at me.
Her legs are too shiny!
Angèle. where are you?
You can go.
You're okay? Not too cold?
I'm sorry.
Don't worry. I'll clean it up.
- May I?
- Yes.
Your legs weren't done right.
They used the wrong shade.
Let's go to makeup.
Thanks.
Sorry. we need 10 minutes.
How old are you?
18.
Oh. wow.
- You just got here?
- Yes.
I can tell.
Do you prefer French or English?
French a little.
Don't worry. we'll get by.
I'll be with you for a few days.
I saw you earlier.
You need to lift your chin
and put your shoulders back. just a little.
That's perfect.
Give me a sec.
Yes?
I tried to reach you...
Paracetamol?
What?
Are you fucking kidding me?
I worked till 3 a.m.. never got paid.
and now you cancel last minute?
That's so not cool.
Just forget it. sure.
Sorry.
You're all set.
You can go.
Remember to breathe.
Breathing can come in handy.
Thanks.
I'll be right out.
Can I stay? I have a show in an hour.
No problem. as long as you want.
I'm in no rush.
Thanks.
- Hello. how are you?
- Good and you?
I was wondering
if you had anything for me.
- I have a job. Last minute.
- Okay.
A shoot with a German
photographer. Well paid.
Great. because I just got screwed over.
You're sure of this?
Don't worry. It's legit. a serious job.
Great. you can count on me.
Send the address?
Come on. guys!
Go faster. please.
Give me your foot.
- Does it hurt?
- A little.
Ouch!
Guys. please. let's focus.
Why do that?
Think I don't notice?
What?
When you shit-talk me?
Not my fault you work too fast!
- I speak my mind.
- You're just a rat.
Done with your drama? Can we work?
Oh là là. Paranoid!
Are you okay?
Yeah. everything's fine. sorry.
You look gorgeous. You can go.
Sorry. I have to go.
I said no overtime.
I have an appointment.
Sorry. not possible.
Please. it's something personal
and important.
One more girl and you can take a break.
- Really?
- One last girl.
Could you follow my colleague?
Thank you.
I need to take this.
Be right back.
All right.
Hello?
Sorry I'm late.
No problem.
Were you able to read what I sent?
Yes. I was. and it's not too bad.
I'm not so sure of the title.
The title?
All in good time.
There's work to do in the meantime.
Okay.
So...
What's the story? It's just
the life of a makeup artist?
Right?
Uh... Not just that.
It's more about the people she
meets. the people she makes up.
Questions she asks about their lives.
Stuff like that.
Yeah. sure. So...
There are situations I don't believe.
Situations that simply aren't credible.
Okay...
Yet they're real.
They're real-life encounters.
Yes...
But just because they're real.
doesn't make them interesting.
Eh?
It's normal it's difficult
for you if you work on the side.
You've never written before.
It's not easy to start...
To really start. I mean.
I'll email you my comments.
You can pay by check or
credit card. Or a bank transfer.
Do you have my IBAN?
Mm-hmm. Yes.
Yes?
Thanks a lot.
Hey you...
I wanted to write about real things.
To put them down before they disappear.
One season after another.
One collection after another.
Ada had a shawl in her bag.
She sewed it for nights on end
with her mother.
Her good-luck charm.
She'd fled the war.
We can stop the snow.
- Where is Ada?
- There. just behind.
- Anton?
- Yes?
The snow's not working.
No.
- What do you want?
- More fog?
Fog. okay.
First positions!
We shoot once Ada's ready.
We're all set.
How are you feeling?
Are you good?
- You look beautiful.
- Thank you.
Here's where you start.
So we're gonna run this way.
Shadow's following you.
Be careful. right? Because you can trip.
And then here. pardon...
Here
you'll get on the boat. Yeah?
And then you'll feel the shadow
on your face. from here.
This is where you scream.
- Why is it blue now?
-  Anton!
-  Anton. can we shoot?
- Almost.
Ada's ready. What's the problem?
There is no problem.
I'm just lighting the fog.
It's fine.
Let's shoot.
I'm not done. Give me 5.
Daniel. we need to shoot.
- Can you give me 5 minutes?
- No. I'm sorry.
Positions. please. Roll sound.
Sound is now rolling.
Silence.
Camera rolling.
Silence. camera's rolling!
Action!
I'm so sorry.
-  Cut!
- We cut. thank you.
This is where you scream.
So I'll give you a signal.
Hello.
This is Dr. Hansen's secretary.
The doctor can see you today at 5 pm.
- 5 pm?
- Mm-hmm.
I'll be busy working.
He's squeezing you in.
You can't push it off. even just a little?
He's going out of his way.
you understand?
Yes. I understand.
It's the best I can do.
or else in 6 months.
Okay. um...
Thank you. I'll be there.
- So we'll see you then. ma'am.
- See you then.
Uh... I have to...
- I'll be back in an hour.
- What?
It's fine.
- You can't leave.
- I have to leave.
I'll be back. Call me if you need anything.
He has my book. Focus on the animals.
Hey. how's it going?
We'll be finishing
the animal shots in about 30.
They asked me to wrap. Where are you?
No. no. Just wait for me for Ada's shot.
One more.
The brand director is here. He can't wait.
Just try. I'll be there in 40 minutes.
I'll do my best.
Mrs. Walker?
- This way. please.
- Okay.
Hello. Dr. Hansen.
Have a seat.
We can speak English if you want.
- It's fine.
- Really?
So...
Voilà.
Maxine Walker. born January 10. 1978
in Los Angeles. right?
Yes.
Have you had health issues in the past?
Undergone any surgery?
Nothing serious.
Do you have any children?
- Yes. a 15-year-old daughter.
- All right.
So. Dr. Kasinski sent me your exams.
Voilà.
So. you'll require surgery.
I cannot promise we'll be able
to keep your breast.
but we'll certainly try to.
What do you mean?
Why surgery?
I don't understand.
I'm telling you what I see.
You're young. You have cancer.
We must act quickly.
My doctor didn't say that word.
What did your doctor say?
Uh...
He mentioned an atypia.
That's it. Atypia.
-  Listen...
- Um...
No...
I feel fine.
I was sure he'd told you.
Because you do have cancer.
Look. here.
These two dark spots.
There are micro-calcifications.
Here. here...
He didn't explain the diagnosis?
He didn't tell you?
No.
Maybe he was afraid
to say it over the phone.
In any case.
any other doctor will recommend
a full mastectomy.
But I don't share that opinion.
I prefer to save the breast
whenever possible.
Do you understand?
Look. let me show you.
The area of the cancer we'll remove...
See?
Consists of these two lesions here.
while of course.
preserving
the surrounding healthy tissue.
So... it won't be easy.
But I think I can do it.
If you agree. I can commit to operate
in four or five days.
But I'd perfectly understand
if you prefer to undergo surgery
in Los Angeles.
Do you understand?
Eden. how you doin'. honey?
Hi. Mom.
- Where are you?
- I'm in Paris. remember?
What are you doing?
Playing with the dog.
Kilby. come on!
Hey. I'm sorry about the other day. the...
Did you get the math homework done?
Come here.
- Honey?
- Yeah. I did.
Uh. what are you gonna do now?
I'm doing that fashion thing.
Ah. yeah. Is it that. uh...
vampire thing you told me about?
- Is it fun?
- Yeah. it's okay.
Sorry. I have to go. I can't talk to you.
Okay. hon. well...
Have a good day. I love you.
I love you. um...
- Honey?
- Yeah. Bye. Mom.
We're looking at the last take.
You like it?
Yeah. could we do one more?
The brand director
already came by.
What do you want to improve?
Nothing.
Just...
It's perfect. Thank you very much.
Okay. it's a wrap!
- Maxine?
-  Yes?
What's going on?
Nothing.
Don't tell me nothing.
you just walked off the set.
I had an appointment I couldn't change.
That's all. I'm sorry.
Thank you for getting the shot.
Christine. lunch?
I'm too busy.
Careful with the pins.
Christine. the bust is
way too large. What happened?
I don't understand.
This won't do. Start over along the hem.
Put in the time you need.
I relied on the measurements.
Yes. but all this must be taken in.
Careful.
- Ow.
- I'm so sorry.
So you work here?
I'm a fit model.
I've spent many hours with your dress.
And so. you're opening the show!
No one told me anything.
Well. I'm telling you.
This dress opens the show.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
When you open the show. there's
no one in front of you to set the rhythm.
So you'll have to do that yourself.
What do you mean?
Wait.
Where are you going?
I'm out of here. I have a
shoot in Amsterdam tomorrow.
I've gotta go there.
- Hi.
- Oh. hi. beautiful!
- How are you doing?
- Long time no see.
You coming tomorrow?
No. I have a shoot in Amsterdam.
Well. I'll see you.
Who is that?
Romeo. Gotta get to know her.
Her name is Romeo?
- Where are you from?
- South Sudan.
But I was raised in Kenya.
We moved there after the war.
Damn.
I'm from Ukraine.
My home town is called Zaporijia.
- Zaporijia?
- Have you ever heard of it?
It's a great place.
To leave.
Why would you say that
about your own home town?
I have a love-hate relationship
with this place.
It's like it's been following me for years
even though I don't live there anymore.
And where do you live now?
Um. Kiev.
I managed to buy a place.
You bought a place?
Wow.
How much money did you save
to buy a place?
I think it was between 30 and 40 k.
Something like this.
You didn't save more?
I could. but first I blew it.
So don't screw up like me.
Be smart with your money.
If I didn't do photos. I'd
probably be dead by now. so...
How long have you been at it?
Eight years now. I think.
I'm 23. so it's been a while.
23. you look younger.
I feel like I've lived
a thousand fucking lives by now.
I've got to go to the station.
Can I come with you?
Come.
You're gonna be a star.
Yeah. sure. don't make fun of me.
No. I'm telling you. I'm serious.
Like a fucking icon?
Fuck yeah! Like an icon.
I don't want to ruin my life. you know?
Well then. don't ruin it.
Everything's in your hands.
That's too much pressure. bro.
We'll probably see each other
somewhere in the city.
around the world.
I'll be in Shenzhen in March.
Where?
Shenzhen. in China.
Okay.
Don't fuck up the show!
I'm glad.
You made the right decision.
I think I trust you.
In here.
I'll take it at 12 here.
Hello. Olivier. I hope you're well.
I'm referring a patient to you.
Maxine Walker.
for additional imaging.
She's diagnosed
with invasive ductal carcinoma
with extensive CCIS.
Very fine skin.
85C.
I've discovered
a keloid on her arm
which may suggest difficulty in healing.
Um... Thanks for your help.
I'll be operating soon
and will keep you informed.
End it with the usual formula.
Yours truly. Laurent Hansen.
And send it ASAP.
Thank you.
Well...
Don't worry. We'll see you through this.
I'll meet you upstairs.
We need to do an MRI.
To make sure
the lymph nodes aren't affected.
And if you find something?
If they are affected. it
would mean the cancer has spread
elsewhere in the body.
But 70% of the time. it's negative.
And if it is. then there's no problem.
There will be no problem.
You mustn't lose this.
It's your medical ID.
We'll call you once we have the results.
Okay.
Now do you hear me better?
The graphist can't integrate the wolf.
It's the wrong angle.
Really? I think it can work.
He tried 5 times. It really doesn't work.
Is there another shot we can try with?
I'm sorry.
I have bad reception.
Have you been waiting long?
Yes.
I think there are three more people.
Then you. then me.
Are you going to have surgery?
Yeah.
In a few days.
I'm a little scared.
Me too.
I'm sure it'll be okay.
Sorry. but I think you should
take off your jewelry.
They don't have much time.
Oh.
Thank you.
We'll be fine. I'm sure of it.
Everything will go well.
I hope so.
You know...
Last night.
I gave a special party to myself
with everything I love.
I told myself I deserve it.
I must make the most of life. no?
We won't give up. No.
Mrs. Walker?
That's me.
-  What's your name?
- Oh.
Anne. and you?
Maxine.
Good luck. Anne.
Good luck. Maxine.
Shall we go?
I'll inject the contrasting
agent for the MRI.
Okay.
- You may feel some warmth.
- Okay.
Maxine. how are you?
- We're sitting in back.
- Okay.
What happened?
I heard you left the shoot.
Um... Just for an hour.
Are you satisfied?
You got the images you need?
Yes. and you?
I am. but I'm asking where you were.
Um... Uh...
-  Special effects.
- Oh. okay.
So. you feel ready for tomorrow?
Yes.
- It's going to be great.
-  Yes. of course.
-  It has to be.
- Yes.
I promise.
What will you have?
Gin and tonic.
-  You okay?
- Yes.
Let's get out of here.
Of course. you wanna go...
Let's go to my place. My hotel room.
To your hotel? To do... I mean...
To have sex.
You don't have to. I just...
And you know...
If you'd like to come back
and have sex. I would like to.
And
we could kiss here.
if that was less strange
when we got there. or...
Uh... You can tell me how
you'd like to do it.
Yes. okay.
- Can I kiss you?
- Yes.
Now?
If you want to.
Okay.
What is it?
Nothing.
One minute.
Fuck.
Are you okay?
- Are you hungry?
- Yes.
Okay. let's find food.
- Whiskey? Vodka?
- Yeah.
Both of them.
- Want me to open them?
- Please.
Are you seeing someone
at the moment?
- No.
- No?
You?
No.
Same.
Are you happy?
What?
Your film. because it's finally happening.
- Yes. next month.
- Yeah.
It'll be good.
I love the way you rewrote
the main character. you know?
It's good.
Do you have problems. Maxine?
Is it bad?
I like you very much. you know?
Mm. Me too.
Do you think we're responsible
for what happens to us?
What do you mean. exactly?
Ii think sometimes. I feel...
I feel I'm responsible
for what happens to me.
I don't know.
You can trust me. Maxine.
you know that?
You can.
I know.
Oh. it's a really good red.
No?
- The blood. you mean? Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
And how reflective it is.
- Yeah.
- It's cool. no?
- It's almost like metal.
- Mm.
Stop! I can't breathe.
You have to calm down.
I'm coming back. okay?
Okay. move. Now. now!
You know one thing I wanna do?
A porn star martini immediately.
that's what.
Don't know what you wanna do. but...
What about you. Ada?
What do your parents say
about you being a model?
My dad doesn't know about it.
He doesn't know that you're...
So what did you tell him when you left?
I just lied that I was coming for
an
An exchange program
for pharmacy school.
Hopefully you get so fucking rich
you don't have to think about it.
You can buy him a house as an apology.
That'll do!
I think that's gonna go home clean.
It's gonna be fine.
Champagne's coming!
- Yes!
- Thank God.
Okay. but if you... I'm gonna
teach you this really quickly.
- You want one?
- Several.
- Guys!
- Sorry. Jesus...
- You guys are drunk enough?
- Let it go.
Okay. basically...
It's more like a feather. If
it's for Chanel. it's like this.
It's very calm.
It's very elegant.
Like a pearl.
- And then a little turn.
- It's giving!!
Ooh!
A little side eye.
I guess LV. though... Is a bit more...
- Bad girl.
- Very tough.
Bad girl energy.
Oh my god. that's her.
Yes!
I'm gonna show her exactly
how much I'm worth.
No. see? It's like hips. hips...
You're a little bit sexy
but you're mysterious as well.
You're not sure what
you're doing. but you're hot.
Anyways. your turn.
Let's see.
Great.
Maybe a little more arms.
And a little bit more...
Just. like. very confident.
Know that you have it.
- You have to relax.
- Maybe faster.
Yeah. that's good!
- That's good!
- Oh!
Shit!
- Fuck. are you good?
- Yeah.
- You sure?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Need a hand?
- I'm all right.
- Sure?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Fuck.
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Told me so this morn
I was born at dawn
Baptized in the dew
I flowered and I grew
Amorous and anew
In the sun's warm light
At night I felt the cold
And I woke up old
You're not even bad. like what?
Nice!
I was in beauty's thrall
The most beautiful of all
Flowers from your garden
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Told me so this morn
The Lord who made me so
Makes me bow down so low
And now I'm falling down
Yes. I'm falling down
My heart has turned to brown
I've one foot in the grave
And I'm fading away
You loved me yesterday
To dust I've fallen prey
Forever tomorrow
A life comes and goes
And my friend the rose
Died this morn
Last night the moon
Watched over my friend
And in my dream I saw
Dazzling and nude
Her dancing soul
Far beyond the clouds
And she smiled at me
Believe to help you cope
I myself need hope
Or I am nothing
Can I ask you for a favor?
Yeah. What is it?
Could you advance me 2.000 euros?
I'll give it back when I get paid.
2.000 euros?
Am I a bank account
or something for you?
Please. I'll reimburse you with interest.
I really need it.
Their bodies flail
like butterflies caught in light.
Each one a comet
pursuing her trajectory.
But they all see their youth
burning in the night.
They had to be fleeting images.
bodies without words.
But I knew they all wanted
to scream one day.
Like me.
Lily-Rose!
- Hey. how are you?
- It's been ages.
- Good to see you.
- What you doing?
Making up an American actor
for tonight's show.
- See you.
- Kisses.
Hey!
I don't deal
with style in the book.
I say things as they come to me.
Like this gesture.
As things attack me. as they blind me.
People who expect help in writing...
Waiting to have time. peace and quiet...
A house. calm.
It's not true.
They can write anywhere.
You can write anywhere.
They're not writers.
I know that when you don't
write. well. you don't write.
Want something to drink?
I have Coke. some fruit juice...
- Water.
- Water?
Is it that serious?
Um...
The news is not good. Mrs. Walker.
The results are not what we expected.
The MRI revealed
some suspicious lymph nodes.
We think it's better to undergo
chemotherapy.
Chemotherapy?
Yes. chemo is necessary.
The cancer is too aggressive.
More aggressive than we thought.
But I'm obligated
to ask if you have
any professional projects
for the next months.
Yes...
I have to shoot my next film.
Well. let me explain...
You'll have to put your
work on hold for some time.
I can't.
I can't. I...
I've worked so hard not to... I... No.
Please. I...
I've really worked so hard
to get... To do it.
And I. I need to work. I need the money.
I understand.
I'm saying
to put your work life on hold
to focus on yourself.
It's necessary for your chemotherapy.
It's very important
that I make this film.
It's very important. It's taken
me a long time. I need to work.
You don't understand.
You're the one who
doesn't understand. Mrs. Walker.
What we want
is for you to keep on working.
To keep on making films.
Not everyone is as lucky as you are.
For some patients.
it's too late to play this card.
I can start it just after the shoot.
Just afterwards!
That's not how it works.
There's no time to lose.
I realize
that chemotherapy has drawbacks.
But trust me.
it beats a metastasis in the brain.
So yes. you'll lose your hair.
My advice is to cut it off
before treatment starts.
It's better than seeing clumps fall out.
With chemotherapy.
radiation. and hormone therapy.
you increase to 80% your
chances of survival in five years.
There's a chance I may die?
I have news for you.
We're all going to die.
Everybody's gonna die.
You must start treatment.
You must.
Have you spoken to your daughter?
No. she's a teenager.
She's... I'm not gonna scare her
with this.
You must tell her.
You must find the words.
It's important. it's your daughter.
-  What are you doing?
- Sewing a hair into it.
- For good luck.
- We have to deliver it soon.
Thanks.
Thank you.
It's Eden. I can't talk.
Leave a message after the beep.
Honey. it's Mom.
I can see that you're online.
But you're not answering...
So. it's okay. I just. uh...
I love you.
If you
want. I can slow it down. Like this.
What do you think?
Maxine. what do you think?
- What?
- You like it slower?
- Yes.
- We have to finish it fast.
I can slow it down. but...
All well?
- Fine.
- We have to run the tests.
- Yes.
The show starts in 3 hours.
-  Hi.
- Hi.
I just locked it. Yeah. it looks good.
You like it?
- I do. I do.
- Cool.
- Want to watch the screen?
- Of course. yeah.
I'm. uh...
- I'm sorry about last night.
- No.
- My mistake.
- No worries. it's okay.
- It's okay?
- Yeah.
- Good.
- I wasn't expecting anything.
Forget it.
You should get red hair.
Did you ever think about it?
It would look great on you.
you have beautiful hair.
Seriously. I mean it. You should try.
It would be a nice change.
To go out...
I don't know. not right now.
Sometimes. you just have
to be bold and change
and then you'll be happy afterwards.
I'm sick.
Oh. did you see a doctor?
Mm-hmm.
I have plenty of medicine if you want.
Is it serious?
I have cancer.
I have breast cancer.
I'm sorry. I've never said it
out loud.
Kind of makes it real.
I'm so sorry.
It's funny. you spend life
preparing for all these things
to happen and then...
Then the thing you never saw coming.
there it is.
I can do treatment. and. you know...
It's just kind of hard and
exhausting.
Yeah.
I haven't decided yet.
You've told no one?
No one.
I don't know how
to tell my daughter.
I'm sure you will find the right time.
Yeah.
Thank you.
God. I'm... I'm so sorry.
- I'll see you out there.
- Yeah.
Let's go do a crazy show.
Camera 3. pull out from the start.
I want camera 2 much tighter.
Do a split screen with 4 and 5.
We're shooting the guests arriving.
Give me camera 6 on standby.
- Suzy Menkes.
- The English reporter.
Thanks. Done.
The show's moved up due to
the rain. We start in one hour.
Camera assistants. protect
the cameras from the rain.
It's Eden. I can't talk.
Leave a message after the beep.
Hey. honey. it's Mom.
Just trying you again.
Give me a call.
The show's been moved
up. We're starting in 30 minutes.
Come on!
Is there a dresser free?
A dresser!
Please. Ada... Ada?
Don't sit in the dress. please.
Hey! What's up brother?
All good. how about you?
I'm good. Why are you calling?
Mom got the money.
Okay.
So. you won't
come back after the show?
I can't talk now.
I'm getting ready for the show.
You're not coming back?
I'll be coming back. relax.
How will I get by
without you?
I'll be back.
I miss you.
Are you crying?
Don't cry. I do this for you.
-  I miss you.
- Ah...
Ladies. five minutes!
It's okay. don't cry. It's
going to be fine. I have to go.
Bye.
Let's go. time to go.
Please. we're starting!
That's right. five.
Eleanor. six.
Lucy. seven.
Sahara. let's go. eight.
Don't worry. it'll be fine.
- You're the boss.
- Okay. girls let's start!
Five. four.
three. two. one.
Go!
Give me confidence and beauty.
Go.
It all started then.
With the hurricane.
We saw the sky grow darker.
Next we saw satellites catch fire.
One after another.
crashing into ocean depths.
Everything went up in flames.
like torches
in a huge bonfire.
In Maxine's mind.
hurricane names whiz by.
Katrina.
Carol.
Erika.
Wilma.
Allison.
Irma.
Ophelia.
One lingered in her head.
that of her daughter: Eden.
Eden.
For Ada. the storm presaged
the start of a new life.
She was no longer scared.
Maxine considered
the life she'd lived till now.
She now knew her life
was hanging by a thread.
She wonders if one day
she will grow old.
If she will experience that.
-  Hey. honey!
- Hi. Mom. it's me.
Sorry to bother you.
I'm lost. I don't know where I am.
What do you mean?
My Google Maps keeps bugging.
I was on my way home.
daydreaming. and I missed my stop.
And then I got out of the bus.
and started walking...
And now I'm lost.
Um. okay.
What do you see in front of you?
Around you?
I'm by the museum of natural history.
Okay. um...
Look at it.
And then facing it. go to your right.
Uh. turn on your first left.
Okay...
Wait.
Wait. oh yes. I see the street.
You see the stop?
Yes. I see it!
Thanks. Mom.
Great.
I'm. uh...
I'm gonna be in Paris
a little longer. Um...
Just to let you know.
How much longer?
Just a couple of weeks.
I mean... Okay.
I won't be here. anyway. I'm
going to Anna's for vacation.
Oh. right. yeah.
Yeah. have fun.
You spoke to her parents. right?
Mm-hmm.
So does that mean
you'll be home when I get back?
Yeah. I'll be there.
I'll be there. and honey. I'm gonna. um...
I'm gonna not do that film
that I was gonna do.
Wait. what? Really?
Yeah.
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna take care of some things.
And I'm gonna
be home for a bit.
Maybe we can spend
a little time together.
That would be nice.
- I'd like that. but...
- Yeah.
Mom. I have to go. I'm sorry.
I'm getting distracted.
No. you're perfect.
I'll see you soon.
Thanks for the directions.
Yeah. I'm always here
if you need anything.
I'll always be here.
I know. I know.
Okay.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- Bye. Mom.
-  Bye.
Maxine?
Before you say anything. I have. uh...
There's no film.
there's no nothing. I'm. uh...
I'm gonna go home and do chemo and...
I got nothing for you.
Nothing.
So...
Excuse me.
where are the hair clippers?
- End of the aisle.
- Thanks a lot.
-  Yeah?
- That one?
Okay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm